This door is locked.
The Abode of Golgotha.
You unlocked it.
Please do me the honour of joining myself and a guest@we both know in the ballroom. Take this key@with my compliments.
Yurich! What are you doing? All who go to him return@either insane or as nightmarish monsters. My barricade is...
Note: When counjering the pheonix bow even the slightest@lapse in concentration will kill all 4 casters.
The master bedroom is locked.@A small hollow sits behind the handle.
When the water guardians are at full@defense the way to nature will open.

It is said that the watcher will relinquish@his secret only when the very heavens vanish.
The cell cannot be opened from here.
Dark magic. Evil metamophosis. It's only a matter@of time before I.. If you ever find this Kurien, leave now!
A note is on the ground...@'torture room, behind leftmost iron maiden. Master bedroom'.
The door is locked.@There is a crystal shaped hollow in it.






















































70
































































These doors have no keyhole.@They must be opened elsewhere.
This door is locked up tight.
Yurich takes them somewhere else. Away from the mansion!@ I must discover where.
137
Wounded Man: No! P..Please stay back. Don't kill me!
Kurien: Fear not. I do not seek to harm you.
Wounded Man: You are not... insane?
Kurien: What happened to you?
Wounded Man: I am... badly..wounded...please..go to..
Kurien: Go where?
Wounded Man: To the..room under..the small...stairs...@there's medicine there... you'll need...this

Please....hurry!
Wounded Man: Thankyou friend.
Kurien: Who are you?
Wounded Man: My name is Gurai, a former servant of the@master. But what of you? Are you an outsider?

Kurien: I come in search of my friend.
Gurai: If he came here then the master likely has him.
Kurien: Master?
Gurai: The master of this mansion. Yurich. Around a@year ago he began dabbling in the black arts. Then @a month or so ago the residents of this place began


disappearing, replaced by the twisted beings I have@no doubt you've encountered. He became little more@than an insane puppet master obsessed with the


recovery of an artifact which he believes will make@him a god no less. If your friend came here then he@may well be in the dungeon.


Kurien: Where is this dungeon?
Gurai: It is just down the corridor but the entrance@is locked. I know not where the key lays but take this.

It may help you get into the garden.
Kurien: Thankyou. I shall not forget your help.
Gurai: You go and try to find your friend while I try@to find a way out of here.

We shall meet again.
Kurien: ...Gurai.. you almost gave me a heart attack.
Gurai: I'm sorry... Have you found anything interesting?
Kurien: The door to this study was locked last time I@was here but now it's wide open. Did you unlock it?

Gurai: No. I don't have the key.
Kurien: Then who.... No it matters not.
Gurai: Right. I'll leave you to check this room out.@I'm going to see if there is a way to get out through@the waterways in the servant quarters.


Kurien: Okay. Good luck then.
Gurai: You too Kurien.
Yurich: I'm honoured you accepted my invitation.
Kurien: You are Yurich are you not?
Yurich: Correct. And you of course are Kurien.
Kurien: I came here only to discover one thing.
Where is Suraea!
Yurich: Heh. The question is not so much where is Suraea@but what is Suraea.

Kurien: Meaning what?
Yurich: The friend you trusted with your own life for so@many years is... different now.

Kurien: I grow tired of your blather Yurich!
Yurich: Very well then.Why not meet Suraea for yourself...
or what's become of him.. Hahahahahahahaaaaaaa.
Kurien: SURAEA!
Yurich: Marvellous... The Tome has made you very powerful.
Kurien: You BASTARD! You'll pay for killing Suraea.
Yurich: You cannot blame me for something you did.
Kurien: LIAR.... why are you doing this?
Yurich: For the Tome Kurien. The Tome is true power.@I have gone to great lengths to obtain it.

Kurien: What lengths?
Yurich: Fool... Why do you think you're here? Remember@the canyon Kurien? It was blocked when you were heading@home.


Kurien: You did that?
Yurich: That forced you to come through these woods which@led you right to my doorstep. Even Suraea blundering into@my hands was not mere fortune. He made perfect bait.


And now you're here, along with the Tome.
Unfortunately the tome has recognised you as it's owner@and so is bound to you so I cannot take it.

So the only way to obtain it's power.......
IS BY REMOVING YOU!
Yurich: uuuuuunnnnnnNNNNGGGGGAAARRGGGGGGHHHHHHHH!
I....shall...not be.....de..feat..ed...
HAHAAHAHAHAAHAAAAAAA! You will not win so easily Kurien.
Gurai: KURIEN!
What on earth happened here?
Kurien: Suraea is dead, and so is Yurich.
Gurai: I'm sorry Yurich got to your friend before we did.
However, now is not the time to mourn. We must get out of@these woods. Even if Yurich is gone, the madness@he created remains.


There is a bridge a few minutes from here that leads right@over a deep chasm and out of this forest.@I'll go on ahead and meet you there.


Kurien: Okay.
You hear a door open somewhere upstairs.
Gurai: Kurien! You made it. Quickly, we must......
Kurien: Whatever's on the roof is causing the walls to@collapse under the stress. this bridge is going to fall!

SURAEA!
Goodbye, Suraea......
The Abode Of Golgotha
Conceived and created by Oliver Smiles
Copyright 1999 by Oliver Smiles
Visit the A.O.G. website at www.hereticii.com/abode
Thankyou for playing....
The End
