IMPORTANT NOTE: This SP addon can only be played with Heretic 2 v1.06 .

I. Instructions:

1. Unzip all files in the zip file to your heretic2 folder. Each file have their
own path that will be created in unzipping process so don't worry about them.
2. If you want to use your configurations for this SP addon, copy your user.cfg
from /user (under your heretic2 folder) to /Trhuuser.
3. To play this SP addon, run TrHunter.bat.

II. Information:
 
 These SP addon support coop mode but doesn't support DM mode.
 This addon also features Imps. They only require one skin but I include 2 other
skins. Its skins and model are located in Trhunter/models/monsters/imp. You can
choose the skin by renaming the current skin (!skin.m8) to other name and rename
other skin (imp0.m8 or imp1.m8) to !skin.m8 .

III. There are some notes about these addon:

1. You can find weapons and spells in this addon but I don't force you to take
any of them. However if you don't take a weapon (e.g hellstaff) in a map, you MAY
not find it anymore in other maps.
2. Some maps have secrets. They are optional of course, but useful weapons or
spells might be there. Can you find them all?
3. You can carry only one kind of puzzle item at a time.
4. Most maps are big (long at least) so if you can't see far enter this in the
console:
 r_farclipdist 8192
 The default is 4096 so this should double the view range. You can set more than
8192 if you like.
5. Every lungs shrine you find in this addon are permanent or can be used again
after some time. It takes about 45 seconds for a shrine to recharge.
6. This SP addon has many gauntlets so be ready for them.

IV. Hints and tips:

1. Imp's fireballs are deadly so do your best to dodge them.
2. Although imps like to dodge your shots, there is a spell that imps won't
dodge. Find it to make fighting imps easier.
3. Some enemies don't have high shooting elevation angle. If you know who they 
are, use that weakness for your advantage.
4. Don't let yourself drowned in slime or mud cause they can kill you instantly.

V. This SP Addon is created by Dewo. You can send your comments and feedbacks to
my email addy (dewodpnx@yahoo.com) or post your comments in R-G forums at 
http://forums.raven-games.com.

Enjoy and don't give up :D!