

Note: You need to have the ZT_Essentials.zip extracted before extracting this .zip
          It is available at the website below.

Title: Zombie Town Part 1

Version of map file: v1.00

Author: Rogue Rodent

Website: http://freespace.virgin.net/rodent.zone

Contact: bex.zone@virgin.net

Description: Heretic2 Single Player Level.
	    
Additional info: Zombie Town Part 2 is also currently available. At the end of "Part 1" the game
	        will try to load up "Heretic II\base\maps\rodent_zone\Part-2.bsp". Any future maps,
	        .bsp files, Rodent releases for this series can be put in the above folder and
	        named to Part-3, Part-4 etc. This also applies to any other H2 level the user
	        wishes to be run after a "Zombie Town" map eg. Mymap.bsp renamed to 
	        Part 3.bsp will be loaded after Zombie Town Part 2 is completed.
                           

Additional Credits: Raven Software for letting us take H2 apart :-) Phantom for the "Tree_
	              bark_red" texture which goes so nicely with the trees Rodent modelled.
                          
-Play Information-

Single Player: Yes  

Co-operative: Yes... But since Brian Spence "wasp" a friend, fellow mapper and beta tester for 
		 Rodent`s work has been missing for weeks now, Rodent has been unable
		 to have co-op or other beta testing done by anyone other than himself :-(
		 Feed back anyone?
Deathmatch: No

Difficulty Settings: Yes

New Sounds: Yes... In the form of Plague Elf voices re-ordered ie. "one-liners" that didn`t seem
		to be played much before in the original H2, are now played more often.
		Rodent is really into having events in the map trigger .wav files being played
		and is currently recording over 100 lines of dialog by two ladies he is friends
	                with in England. 

New Graphics: Yes... A few new textures by Rodent and one from Phantom. Other ZT maps
		   in future might well have further new tex as long as they fit in with the
		   theme :-)
New Music: No

Secrets: Yes... Lots, some containing the powerful weapons but their harder to find (or at
              least their ment to be ;-) None of the secrets contain stuff that is needed to get
              through ZT, they just might make it easier or more fun. Tip: As a rule, the player
              gets rewarded for trashing stuff in ZT, like wooden crates but there might be a near 
              by monster who gets woken up by the noise so be careful. If anyone finds the
              Phoenix Bow in "Part-1" without cheating Rodent would like to know how easily it was
              found.

-Construction-

Base: New level from scratch... Well, to be exact the base was built from previous unreleased
          Rodent maps.

Editor used: HereticED to start off with, then QERadiant.

Build time: 6 months for the 1st two Zombie Town maps including converting over to QERadiant
	  which although worth it ment redoing a lot of Part 1. Part 3 is going really quickly and
	  should be done within a month. It won`t be as detailed due to it`s setting but should
	  be very cool looking and hopefully fun.

Texture Sets used: Silver Spring set plus generic looking textures from other H2 sets eg. rocks,
	               dirt, grass etc. This still keeps the Silver Spring look be it through a slightly
	               quirky Rodent way of looking at H2 ;-)

Compile machine: Dell P2 300... Rodent has tried very hard to keep R_Speeds and Frame Rate
	              as good as possible, balanced against the high levels of detail in these
	              1st two ZT maps. A Voodoo3 (or higher) graphics card is recommended to
	              achieve decent performance.

Known Bugs: Believe it or not, Rodent spent well over a month testing the 1st two ZT maps,
	      improving, adding and removing stuff. The removing was mainly down to
	      "maxing out" the editor or engine :-( The up side is there is Tons of stuff left over
	      or not yet tried which given time is intended to go into future ZT maps... Egh, those
	      bugs Rodent was mentioning are inconsistent crashes of the game due to the
	      "death machines" either getting clogged up with dead a body or killing too many
	      monsters in one go. Well that's what Rodent guesses is going on :-\
	
	      Also as the Q2 engine sometimes has trouble "seeing" round corners and since fog
	      is used, occasionally a strip of white wall is drawn for a few seconds, Rodent has
	      tried several tricks to get around this but to no avail :-( Anyone know how fix this? 
	       
	 Q: So why release maps which can crash at all, even if not very frequently?

	 A: The "death machines", btw there not b-movie style robots, are what Rodent likes
	      building most of all and when people see them it should be apparent why their 
	      used, even if there not 100% stable. Besides one day someone might point out to 
	      Rodent how to "fix" them ...Hope this hasn`t put off anyone from having a 
	      look at the ZT maps. Bottom line is that if people don`t like this "twist" on the H2 
	      theme then H2 can be fully restored to before ZT was installed, to the best of 
	      Rodent`s limited knowledge ;-)

Installation: Extract ZTown-Part-1.zip into the root folder of Heretic2 with "Use Folder Names"
 	   option of Winzip (or similar) enabled.

Uninstalling: Refer to the "Heretic II\ZTown_Readme.txt" 

Running the level: After installing both ZT_Essentials and this file, you should have a "Zombie
	              Town" Icon which when run sets up the "set game" function of H2 and loads
	              up the 1st level.

